Add helm plugin mention (#35036)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/source_code/resource-mapping.md

```

{{% /collapse-content %}}

For the Helm use case Datadog provides open source helm plugin which you can install

> and use to add annotations automatically. Please check plugin repo on [Github](https://github.com/DataDog/helm-plugin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the Helm use case, Datadog provides an open-source Helm plugin that you can install
and use to add annotations automatically. Check the plugin repo on [GitHub](https://github.com/DataDog/helm-plugin).
```
